Adds the Proton C base project (#4224)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/proton_c/readme.md

Proton C
===

![Proton C](https://i.imgur.com/xZrjIqa.jpg)

A Pro Micro drop-in replacement.

Keyboard Maintainer: [Jack Humbert](https://github.com/jackhumbert)  
Hardware Supported: QMK Proton C  
Hardware Availability: [List of vendors](https://qmk.fm/proton-c)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make proton_c:default

> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

Reviewer: Please:

```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
